// Open: 
Lang: EN

// Stuff: 
Videoformat: --> Web, short slider
DVD -> 720 x 576 interlaced. -> build a box, use images slider
sequence listing noted

// Storyline: 


project description, case studies and 
[ken burns slides + data]

project goals achieved: 
hard facts,  + Bilder


World Map, LFDW-Design, zoom in to Meghalaya
clips from car: travelling the country, passing woods and spectators
Voice: 
	"Meghalaya, Northeast India. It's raining as a fully packed Tata car is passing through the subtropical forest and rural villages on its way into the South West Khasi Hills district. A team of eye care specialists will conduct a community outreach camp at the Mawkyrwat public school this August 2, 2013."
	"The state, heavily relying on  agriculture and the exploitation of natural ressources, is India's wettest region. Mobility is low and a significant part of the population is cut off from medical services and education therefore."

Overlay: company logos in a sequence, followed by ambiance shots
Voice:
	"MissionTrust India, LIGHT FOR THE WORLD and the SwissRE Foundation have committed themselves to conduct and develop a program creating and supporting medical eye-care in rural areas of Meghalaya. Community Outreach camps like this one are an integral part of the project's strategy: 
	Our goal is to provide medical service and comprehensive education in otherwise underserved remote areas of Meghalaya. 80% of blindness in Meghalaya is preventable. The most common reasons for preventable blindness are vitamin defficency and missing knowledge on the nator and symptoms of cureable ailments like trachoma or cataract. Comprehensible medical education therefore plays a crucial role in blindness prevention and the quality of first level local treatment. "
	
PAL video-boxes + screenshots meghalaya newspapers, rolling list of eye camps mentioned in progress reports. 
Voice: 
	"Dr S. and his team are highly experienced and motivated professionals; However: Getting in contact with local schools and communities and putting together Eye Health Care Camps hasn't ever become a routine task. It's a tight schedule for usually just two or three days: 
	[Pause + ambiance]
	- ophtamologic screenings
	- comprehensive eye care services
	- training of teachers and community leaders
	- free surgeries to restore visual impairment due to avoidable causes
	- organisation of transport for patients who are referred to the eye clinic in Shilong

Human Interest stories, one per project goal:
	- movie shots, boxed
	- 2-3 photos of person
	- XY came to... (story) -> She is one of Z people screened for [--> ophtamologic screenings) 

Thanks MissionTrust and all of its employees for their passion. [Logo MissionTrust]
Thanks to the SwissRE Foundation for their initiative and continued supporting [Logo SwissRE-F]
Together we are strong -> LIGHT-Finish. 


